c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\XamApp.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\XamApp.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\obj\Debug\XamApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\obj\Debug\XamApp.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\obj\Debug\XamApp.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\obj\Debug\XamApp.Page1.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Dynamic.Interpreter.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamApp\XamApp\XamApp\bin\Debug\Windows.winmd
