c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll.config
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\WcfService1.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\obj\Debug\WcfService1.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\SportSchoolClassLibrary.dll
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WcfService1\WcfService1\bin\SportSchoolClassLibrary.pdb
