c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\SportSchool.exe.config
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\SportSchool.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\SportSchool.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.g.resources
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.exe
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\SportSchool.pdb
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AdminWindow.g.cs
c:\users\alexander\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AdminWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\SportSchoolClassLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\bin\Debug\SportSchoolClassLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddLearnerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddLearnerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddInstructorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddInstructorWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddSectionWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\AddSectionWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\InstructorWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\InstructorWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\User Controls\CircularProgressBar.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\User Controls\CircularProgressBar.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\LoadingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\LoadingWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\CompetitionsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\CompetitionsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\FindLearnerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\FindLearnerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\JournalWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Alexander\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SportSchool\SportSchool\obj\Debug\JournalWindow.baml
